Added sections Getting Help and Opening Issues (#73)
awslabs/amazon-qldb-driver-dotnet: README.md

# Amazon QLDB .NET Driver

[![nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Amazon.QLDB.Driver.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Amazon.QLDB.Driver/)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue)](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-qldb-driver-dotnet/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![AWS Provider](https://img.shields.io/badge/provider-AWS-orange?logo=amazon-aws&color=ff9900)](https://aws.amazon.com/qldb/)

This is the .NET driver for [Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (QLDB)](https://aws.amazon.com/qldb/), which allows .NET developers

> to write software that makes use of AmazonQLDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to write software that makes use of Amazon QLDB.
```

Author: Done

> 

Reviewer 2: Go has "For getting started with the driver, see Go and Amazon QLDB." and a link to the getting started, which seems like it belongs here.

Reviewer 2: The Getting started is missing the code snippet to list tables like Python and Node?

Reviewer 2: The See Also section is missing items vs. the Python version?

Author: Added Dotnet Cookbook and DMV samples; but there's no equivalent for Driver Tutorial.

Reviewer 2: @Dominitio I see the listing table snippet still isn't present?

```dotnet test Amazon.QLDB.Driver.IntegrationTests --settings Amazon.QLDB.Driver.IntegrationTests/.runsettings```

## Getting Help

Please use these community resources for getting help.
* Ask a question on StackOverflow and tag it with the [amazon-qldb](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/amazon-qldb) tag.
* Open a support ticket with [AWS Support](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/awssupport/latest/user/getting-started.html).
* If you think you may have found a bug, please open an [issue](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-qldb-driver-dotnet/issues/new).

## Opening Issues

> If you encounter a bug with the Amazon QLDB Dotnet Driver, we would like to hear about it. Please search the [existing issues](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-qldb-driver-dotnet/issues) and see if others are also experiencing the issue before opening a new issue. When opening a new issue, we will need the version of Amazon QLDB Dotnet Driver, Dotnet language version, and OS you’re using. Please also include reproduction case for the issue when appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a bug with the Amazon QLDB .NET Driver, we would like to hear about it. Please search the [existing issues](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-qldb-driver-dotnet/issues) and see if others are also experiencing the issue before opening a new issue. When opening a new issue, we will need the version of Amazon QLDB .NET Driver, .NET language version, and OS you’re using. Please also include reproduction case for the issue when appropriate.
```

Author: Done

> The GitHub issues are intended for bug reports and feature requests. For help and questions with using AWS SDK for GO please make use of the resources listed in the [Getting Help](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-qldb-driver-dotnet#getting-help) section. Keeping the list of open issues lean will help us respond in a timely manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub issues are intended for bug reports and feature requests. For help and questions with using AWS QLDB .NET Driver, please make use of the resources listed in the [Getting Help](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-qldb-driver-dotnet#getting-help) section. Keeping the list of open issues lean will help us respond in a timely manner.
```

Author: Done

> ### Documentation 

Reviewer: documentation is a subsection fo development

Author: Moved

```docfx docs/docfx.json --serve```

## Getting Help

Please use these community resources for getting help.
* Ask a question on StackOverflow and tag it with the [amazon-qldb](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/amazon-qldb) tag.
* Open a support ticket with [AWS Support](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/awssupport/latest/user/getting-started.html).

> * If you think you may have found a bug, please open an [issue](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-qldb-driver-dotnet/issues/new).

Reviewer 2: Missing the entry for the QLDB Forum that's in the Python version.

Author: Added
